"I love the soundtrack, the gameplay is suprisingly fun, the visuals are great. I love everything about it. I played this game all the way back in 4th grade, always enjoyed it. I personaly never found it frustrating even when dying on ElectroDynamix at 97%. I hope they bring back 2.2. Currently trying to beat Clubstep. Absolute classic.""Absolutely obsessed! I love the graphics, the music, the simplicity of the premise, everything. I especially love the way the jumps sync with the beat. Of course I could do without the ads but there aren't nearly as many as some other games. One area of improvement would be the practice mode. The check points always leave you in the worst positions. If it weren't for the feature to delete check points practice mode would be harder than normal mode.""Is very fun and engaging. If you don't have much patience, I would not suggest downloading. It takes time, and many attempts to do a whole level 100%. I have seen reviews that it freezes and is slow or glitchy, but that hasn't happened to me once. I would strongly recommend playing if you are looking for a game that keeps you engaged the whole time you play, and for a long time."null,[""I love this game, add a few easier one like some yellow or red difficulty levels but other than that perfect. Love that there is so few adds like, wow a game that doesn't lie about adds. Love the music tracks, I'd love to see all songs from geometry dash meltdown and subzero. (BTW check them out too) I'd love if the full version was free though, you really can't put a price on happiness. Love the game 5 stars check it out!"null,[""I replayed just to see if the bad reviews were right. Many say that the music goes off beat. This is just lag. They say the game doesn't register a jump, or keeps on jumping when they don't want it to. This might be because they are touching the screen without knowing. And the ads are fine. I only saw two ads the entire time. I heavily recommend this game. And if you enjoy, I suggest buying the much better, full game. It's a simple concept, and it has great mechanics. 4/5 for me.""I would like to start off by saying that this is a free game! with no microtransactions and that's already a big plus. it's got a couple of ads but not to much, so it doesn't marr the game play. the music is good the gameplay is simple, but engaging. the colors are wonderful and go excellent with the music. also the game is hard, but not to the point where it makes you want to quit cause you really want to finish hearing the end of the songs. love this game would definitely buy the full version""I have been playing Geometry Dash Lite for almost a decade now. I learned about it through a YouTube video, and got into it because I loved how in the first level at least, the music often matches with the actions of the player and the flashing colors and graphics of the level design. And then I became obsessed with the challenge, because it can be a hard game at times, certainly, I still have a couple levels I haven't beaten completely. But, the game means a lot to me, it's fun, I recommend it!""This game is one of my past time favorites. So far, this is the third time I installed the game. I can complete one level each week. You should really make level 14; it been saying \""This game is so fun! The ads are equal to where there isn't advertisements every 3 seconds, there are many skins and colors to choose from, and you can even practice. Sometimes checkpoints spawn the wrong way and you jump over the spike or do the part of the level you need to do so you can remove checkpoints. It's fun on both mobile and computer/laptop. I can go on and on but for now I am stopping here. I recommend you play this game.""The game doesn't lag, Auto jump without touching the screen, and there isn't really that much ads. Ads never happen in the middle of playing a level but happens after sometimes. It has good music, Smooth frames, and doesnt glitch. The game doesn't crash either. If you use a old electronic, there might be some issues like the auto jumping. But everything in this game is great for me. One problem for me is that they don't update that often, but that's all really.""This game is great. If you don't like the ads, then turn off your wifi. One thing that is really cool is that the music matches the level. It makes the game more interesting and creates rhythm. Don't let the lazy noobs discourage you from playing the game. One goal of the game is that if you fail, then just keep trying. Another reason this game is great is because it is highly addictive and barely uses battery. You can play for 30 minutes only using 5 percent battery.""Geometry Dash as far as I've seen has little to nothing wrong with it. Yes, the levels are challenging, but doable. The music for each level is well designed and has a good beat. However, if you enjoy your phone, your best interest is to stay away from this addicting game, you will die. A lot. So much it makes Dark Souls look a little silly.""I love this game and would recommend it. However I do have some problems ever since the game was updated, I noticed that now whenever I want to play the screens shakes a lot sometimes it will lag so hard that I die because of it.Though it's only temporary it is annoying. My other problem was that now everytime I play a level and complete it, I get an ad. You can usually skip it but once again it is annoying. I don't know why I only got these problems once it was updated, but it's a good game.""Over the years levels had been slowly added into and I think that's pretty cool. Not everyone has the capability of being able to purchase items digitally due to things that prevent them and other inconveniences/ circumstances. I genuinely appreciate that more content gets added every once in a while. It gives the game more replayability. Plus, I've been playing this game for six years and I still enjoy it a lot. Thank you for creating my childhood pretty much lol""This game is fast pace and fun. Once you die it automatically restarts the level without a loading screen or an ad. There's ads but they are few and far in between. This is how to do a mobile game and I wish more companies followed in this designers footsteps when it comes to ads. The music is catchy and the game play addictive. Great job guys sincerely !""I (obviously) stopped playing the Lite version after buying the full version, but I realized Lite is now updated to 2.2. I'm mostly seeing a lot of quality of life improvements, which is always nice. The customization area has been changed to show every color on a single page. Icons are now used to show things like \""I could play this gams for hours. And i have. Its really fun. I like to play it with friends too. Its fun to watch even if you fail. It is also an offline game so you can play it on long car rides and such. And it doesn't give you an option to skip if you wath an ad which is for the best. If you need the option to watch an ad to skip a level then you are too athetic to play this game. My piont is, you can turn off wifi andplay withot ads. I highly recomend this game!""Overall a super fun game thats helps me focus in my opinion bc the music helps you focus. Although i do have one complaint,its easy to fix. When using practice mode sometimes you glitch out where you die,spawn,die,spawn imediately. THIS CAN BE FIXED. Simply either turn off practice mode or go to the menu and restart the level.""This is a a very fun, pleasing, and adventurous game! I love the music, the colors, the character, the prizes, etc! The adds are very annoying but I understand they have to get their pay. I really want the full version but I don't have a card :((. But I am grateful for the games here! I would rate this a really high 4 or 5! Mostly 5 because this is a phenomenal game! The other games are phenomenal, fun, and fantastic aswell!!""My honest opinion: It is probably the most chill game out there. Eh, can be frustrating sometimes but thats part of it. There's no bugs, the ads are balanced, and the levels are extremley well made. The music to the levels are just so well done. If I were to have one game on why phone it would be this. Would give it 100 stars if I could. Totally recommend 10/10""This game is great! There are very few adds but there usually short adds. I recently beat Jumper after hours worth of playing this addictive game. I have loads of characters and colors to customize my little cube. I love how you get achievements after doing certain things. It helps if you're bored and need something to do. The music is great and helps you time things correctly! Just go to the beat of the music 😎.""I have had this game on my phone since 2011, mostly because the music is amazing and the gameplay is really satisfying when you successfully get the timings for a tricky section. The Lite version has ads, but they are very unobtrusive and mainly only show up when you die. And yeah, you die a lot, but that's how learning works and all that.""I have lost my sanity to playing this game multiple times, however I still really enjoy geometry dash. The game quality is perfect, the player sprite doesn't lag, a lot of the music is fire, especially the music in geometry dash meltdown. The one problem there would be is the ads, but it only plays ads whenever you enter a level and exit to menu or every once in a while it gives you an ad during a level. But still, considering how many ads other games have I'd say the ads really aren't that bad""It is a pretty fun game to distract yourself for a while, especially with headphones. It is easy to learn and get used to with the simple mechanics. This is the lite version so don't rely very much on this review, since lite is missing some of the features. The levels are a bit difficult, even the first and second, but with enough tries and practice, you can do them.""Amazing game! You can get different characters, colors, and spaceships which makes it more fun for the player instead of being 1 and only character. It overcomes challenges and obstacles, and when your bored you play this game if you want a real challenge. The levels get harder and harder. It might lag, but its overall an amazing game. The music is amazing and really goes with each level. To sum it up, I think you should download this amazing and fun app.""This game has great graphics, level design, and I love the different mechanics in levels! Perfect mixture between challenging and fun. And the music is absolutely beautiful! The music is a big aspect into what makes the game. So much creativity and thought is put into Geometry Dash, I love it! Of course, you have to buy the full version but that doesn't bother me."